so Easter's coming and I thought that I
would write an Easter song and all the
Easter Bunny everyday hoppity hippity
hoppity listen to the thumping sound
hippity hoppity hippity hoppity Easter
Bunny coming round to sneak into your
bedroom is EOS monthly dippity tab no
gays right from your bedside raise his
arm and start to throw jellybeans you
wake up and enjoy them in the morning
the big ol Easter Bunny keeps in his
wife fur coat he has look in his eyes
and then goes the slit and Easter egg
shell to get to the yummy middle for the
baby to enjoy tiffany hopper teeth
imitate company lists to do with the
thumping sounds too many hoppity thumb
buddy how many Easter Bunny coming
around he's hungry and he's coming from
New York to Bangladesh the hunger makes
his eyes a fiery bites into your yummy
marshmallow bunnies prepared the church
picnic wearing his little vest who
raised his knife into the air then drive
it in your roof spam that you brought to
pass to all the non vegan children that
was nice of you
Tiffany capri him really hardly listened
to the thumping sound too many hoppity
timrie have the Easter Bunny coming
round Peter Cottontail hopping down the
bunny trail hippity hoppity Stu's on its
way little Peter Cottontail hopping down
the bunny trail every smart inside he
should have stayed
the money has a secret he's hidden all
these years he'll do it whether children
laugh or cry the Easter tears he does it
in the springtime and flower starts a
bud he takes a baby goat and then face
within us happy goat blow up or yeh
magic spring time every property hungry
listened to with a thumping sound pretty
happy in the hopper Easter Bunny coming
round so watch out for the bunny the
bean stores and malls and if you are a
bad boy they rip up both your good deed
buttons cuz you were naughty this year
so don't be naughty this Easter be good
no be bad perf you're bad this Easter
he'll kill your mom and dad if you're
bad though they accompany them really
hopefully listen to the bubbling sounds
pretty hoppity hippity hoppity Easter
Bunny coming round happy Easter Bunny